Clarify maximum workspace session time (#3341)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-lifecycle.md

### Workspace Inactivity

> By default, workspaces stop following 30 minutes without user input (e.g. keystrokes or terminal input commands). You can increase the workspace timeout, but keep in mind that workspaces can't be in the running state for more than 36 hours.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Minor wording update. 

```suggestion
By default, workspaces stop following 30 minutes without user input (e.g. keystrokes or terminal input commands). The inactivity timeout can be extended (see [extending timeouts](/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-lifecycle#extending-timeouts)), however workspaces cannot be in a running state for more than 36 hours continuously.
```

> By default, workspaces stop following 30 minutes without user input (e.g. keystrokes or terminal input commands). You can increase the workspace timeout, but keep in mind that workspaces can't be in the running state for more than 36 hours.

Reviewer: Is there a way for a user to know this? Is the `uptime` command a valid reflection?

Reviewer: Added an issue for this: 
- https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/16146

Also relates to: 
- https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/16085

Reviewer 2: > Is the uptime command a valid reflection?

doesn't seem so 🤔 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55068936/216060395-ba419e17-d9d5-4ffd-b62e-7cfab0eeff31.png)

Reviewer 3: like `top`, `uptime` reports for the node, not the container.

> By default, workspaces stop following 30 minutes without user input (e.g. keystrokes or terminal input commands). You can increase the workspace timeout, but keep in mind that workspaces can't be in the running state for more than 36 hours.

Reviewer: **Question:** Was 24 hours significant in some way (it was added here [[1](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/3268/files#diff-203698f704865ad106199b4d1e18eff5cab3bb688a9e864b18b12564f5efcf57R20)])? I believe we have workspace tokens that expire at 24 hours, so whilst the workspace might be able to run for 36, I'm not 100% sure that we support more than 24 hours as a uptime? (CC: @akosyakov - as you mentioned the token expiration).

Author: The workspace team discussed reducing from 36h to 24h for operational reasons (i.e. avoid almost empty nodes, and make it faster to migrate to a new workspace cluster). I'm not aware of any technical limitation that would prevent a workspace from running for more than 24h. Not meaning that they don't exist 😅

> By default, workspaces stop following 30 minutes without user input (e.g. keystrokes or terminal input commands). The inactivity timeout can be extended (see [extending timeouts](/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-lifecycle#extending-timeouts)), however workspaces cannot be in a running state for more than 36 hours continuously.

Reviewer: I think we should leave the note about the 24 hours, as we're adding that as a limit in the clients: 

- VS Code: https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/pull/16220
- CLI: https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/16085
- JetBrains: https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/pull/16267

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, workspaces will automatically stop following 30 minutes without user input (e.g. keystrokes or terminal input commands). The workspace inactivity timeout can be extended (see [extending timeouts](/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-lifecycle#extending-timeouts)) from 30 minutes to 24 hours. The timeout is not a guarantee of uptime, as workspaces are not kept in a running state for more than 36 hours continuously.
```

Reviewer: I find it odd that a user cannot find out what time the 36 hour limitation is (see other comment thread[[1](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/3341#discussion_r1092940190)]) for their current workspace (see related issue: https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/16146)? What is the guidance we could give users here in the docs? Would letting them know that stopping + starting a workspace will reset that timer and therefore would be a guarantee of the uptime? What guarantees are we providing to users right now?
